README.md, before:

# node-red-contrib-aprs

[Node-RED](https://www.nodered.org) Nodes for sending & receiving [APRS](http://www.aprs.org/) from
the [APRS-IS](http://www.aprs-is.net/) and [CWOP](http://www.wxqa.com/) networks.

Received APRS Frames are parsed using [aprs-parser](https://github.com/adriann0/npm-aprs-parser)
and output as `msg.payload` JSON. See Node Help for more information.

Special thanks to Jan Janak OK2JPR for adding CWOP and APRS TX support!

Check me out in the [Node-RED Library](https://flows.nodered.org/node/node-red-contrib-aprs).

## Install

Run the following command in your Node-RED user directory - typically `~/.node-red`

```bash
cd ~/.node-red
npm i node-red-contrib-aprs
```

# Copyrights

- aprs.js is Copyright 2023 Greg Albrecht
- CWOP support is Copyright 2021 Jan Janak
- <p><a href="http://www.aprs.org">Automatic Packet Reporting System (APRS)</a> is Copyright Bob Bruninga WB4APR (SK)</p>

# Contributors

- Greg Albrecht W2GMD
- Jan Janak OK2JPR
- Pete Loveall AE5PL 

# License

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at [http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Major updates, 3.0.0-beta1
- Added ReadTheDocs documentation site: https://node-red-contrib-aprs.rtfd.io/
- Added GitHub workflow actions (CI/CD).
- Updated metadata/copyright/docstrings.
- Ran everything through prettier.
- Fixes #15: Parameter in APRS TX Node config, via VK5IU: https://github.com/ampledata/node-red-contrib-aprs/issues/15
- Fixes #17: User & pass parameters in APRS Config Node credentials: https://github.com/ampledata/node-red-contrib-aprs/issues/17
- Fixes #18: Move APRS Nodes to 'network' category in palette: https://github.com/ampledata/node-red-contrib-aprs/issues/18
- Fixes #19: Add unit tests: https://github.com/ampledata/node-red-contrib-aprs/issues/19

README.md, after:

# node-red-contrib-aprs

![APRS TX Example](img/screenshot-tx-example.png)

[Node-RED](https://www.nodered.org) Nodes for communicating with [APRS](http://www.aprs.org/)
using the [APRS-IS](http://www.aprs-is.net/) or Citizen Weather Observer Program (NOAA MADIS)
[CWOP](http://www.wxqa.com/) networks.

Received APRS Frames are parsed using [aprs-parser](https://github.com/adriann0/npm-aprs-parser)
and output as `msg.payload` JSON. See Node Help for more information.

Special thanks to Jan Janak OK2JPR for adding CWOP and APRS TX support!

Check me out in the [Node-RED Library](https://flows.nodered.org/node/node-red-contrib-aprs).

[Documentation is available here](http://node-red-contrib-aprs.rtfd.io/)

# License & Copyright

- <p><a href="http://www.aprs.org">Automatic Packet Reporting System (APRS)</a> is Copyright Bob Bruninga WB4APR (SK)</p>

Copyright Greg Albrecht and other contributors

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at [http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
