docs/examples.md, before:

## APRS Transmit Example

The following example transmits an APRS packet into the APRS-IS network.

![APRS TX Example](img/screenshot-tx-example.png)

Clicking the Inject button will send the APRS packet to the APRS-IS network.

The **Create APRS Payload** function Node creates an APRS payload as JSON:

```js
msg.payload = {
    'from': 'W2GMD',
    'lat': '37.76',
    'lon': '-122.4975',
    'comment': 'Hello World.'
}
```

The **aprs tx** Node serializses the JSON as an APRS Packet, authenticates with the 
APRS-IS network, and sends the packet to APRS-IS.

![APRS TX Config](img/screenshot-tx-config.png)

The **aprs tx** Node uses a configuration to store APRS-IS user & pass credentials.

![APRS TX Config](img/screenshot-config.png)

Copy & Paste the following code block into a new Flow in Node-RED:

```js
{!examples/APRS TX Example.json!}
```

## APRS Receive Example

TK TK 

```js
{!examples/APRS RX Example.json!}
```

## CWOP Weather Example

The following example transmits an CWOP weather report packet into the CWOP network.

![APRS CWOP](img/screenshot-cwop.png)

Clicking the Inject button will send the CWOP packet to the CWOP network.

The **Create CWOP Payload** function Node creates an CWOP payload as JSON:

```js
msg.payload = {
    from: { call: "CALL", ssid: "6" },
    data: {
        latitude: 51.8355,
        longitude: 19.228,
        extension: { courseDeg: 239, speedMPerS: 1.543333332 },
        weather: {
        windGust: 4.4704,
        temperature: 5.555555555555555,
        rain1h: 0,
        rain24h: 2.794,
        rainSinceMidnight: 2.794,
        pressure: 996.9,
        humidity: 83,
        luminosity: 0,
    },
    comment: "Node-RED WX Station",
    timestamp: "2021-01-23T18:21:00.000Z",
    },
};
```

Copy & Paste the following code block into a new Flow in Node-RED:

```js
{!examples/CWOP Example.json!}
```

Commit message:

3.0.0-beta2
- Added ReadTheDocs documentation site: https://node-red-contrib-aprs.rtfd.io/
- Added GitHub workflow actions (CI/CD).
- Updated metadata/copyright/docstrings.
- Ran everything through prettier.
- Fixes [#8](https://github.com/ampledata/node-red-contrib-aprs/issues/8): Missing examples.
- Fixes [#11](https://github.com/ampledata/node-red-contrib-aprs/issues/11): Default filter missing on RX node.
- Fixes [#15](https://github.com/ampledata/node-red-contrib-aprs/issues/15), [#12](https://github.com/ampledata/node-red-contrib-aprs/issues/12) & [#14](https://github.com/ampledata/node-red-contrib-aprs/issues/14): Parameter in APRS TX Node config.
- Fixes [#17](https://github.com/ampledata/node-red-contrib-aprs/issues/17): User & pass parameters in APRS Config Node credentials.
- Fixes [#18](https://github.com/ampledata/node-red-contrib-aprs/issues/18): Move APRS Nodes to 'network' category in palette.
- Fixes [#19](https://github.com/ampledata/node-red-contrib-aprs/issues/19): Add unit tests.

docs/examples.md, after:

## APRS Transmit Example

The following example transmits an APRS packet into the APRS-IS network.

![APRS TX Example](img/screenshot-tx-example.png)

Clicking the Inject button will send the APRS packet to the APRS-IS network.

The **Create APRS Payload** function Node creates an APRS payload as JSON:

```js
msg.payload = {
    'from': 'W2GMD',
    'lat': '37.76',
    'lon': '-122.4975',
    'comment': 'Hello World.'
}
```

The **aprs tx** Node serializses the JSON as an APRS Packet, authenticates with the 
APRS-IS network, and sends the packet to APRS-IS.

![APRS TX Config](img/screenshot-tx-config.png)

The **aprs tx** Node uses a configuration to store APRS-IS user & pass credentials.

![APRS TX Config](img/screenshot-config.png)

Copy & Paste the following code block into a new Flow in Node-RED:

```js
{!examples/APRS TX Example.json!}
```

## APRS Receive Example

Received APRS Frames are parsed using [aprs-parser](https://github.com/adriann0/npm-aprs-parser)
and output as `msg.payload` JSON. 

```js
{!examples/APRS RX Example.json!}
```

## CWOP Weather Example

The following example transmits an CWOP weather report packet into the CWOP network.

![APRS CWOP](img/screenshot-cwop.png)

Clicking the Inject button will send the CWOP packet to the CWOP network.

The **Create CWOP Payload** function Node creates an CWOP payload as JSON:

```js
msg.payload = {
    from: { call: "CALL", ssid: "6" },
    data: {
        latitude: 51.8355,
        longitude: 19.228,
        extension: { courseDeg: 239, speedMPerS: 1.543333332 },
        weather: {
        windGust: 4.4704,
        temperature: 5.555555555555555,
        rain1h: 0,
        rain24h: 2.794,
        rainSinceMidnight: 2.794,
        pressure: 996.9,
        humidity: 83,
        luminosity: 0,
    },
    comment: "Node-RED WX Station",
    timestamp: "2021-01-23T18:21:00.000Z",
    },
};
```

Copy & Paste the following code block into a new Flow in Node-RED:

```js
{!examples/CWOP Example.json!}
```
